Hello friends, my name is Ashwini Kumar.
As friends you already know me.
Friends, I am already working in HDFC Bank.
Friends, today's topic here is going to be
very special for you.
Special friends, I am talking about this topic
because friends,
I have already made a video on this 10 to 12 days ago.
Friends, I have made a video on SBI Bank.  On which
brother, we have received a lot of love from all of you
and brother,
some of them have also applied and brother, some of them have
applied and some of them have not been able to apply, so
brother, for that
too, friends, I have brought an update for you in today's video
and brother, in SBI Bank,
brother, if you want to be a part of SBI Bank,
which is a government bank, if brother,
you want to be a part of it, then
brother, friends, how
can you become a part of it, how can you get a job in it,
but brother, I will also make it clear to you
that brother, friends,
this job role which is going to be there here, friends, for
which locations is it going to be there.
Ok?  I am
also going to tell you the locations.  I am going to
tell you the entire process of how you have to
take selection here.  How will
your interview take place, how will your
assessment take place brother.  How do you want to apply brother?
I am going to tell you the complete information step by step
here.  For this,
friends, you have to do only one thing.   If you like the
video, please give it a like.
If you are new to the channel then friends, you
must subscribe to the channel.  Okay
friends?  Friends, you keep getting such content here.
Without wasting any time let's
start the video.  So
friends, what we are going to talk about in today's video is
regarding SBI Bank.
Friends, if you
want to get a job in SBI Bank, if you want to become a part of it,
then brother, you
cannot get such a job etc. in SBI Bank.  That
means,
friends, only by giving a government exam through some exam, you
can get selected here.  Only then
brother, you can do a job in this.  But brother,
some of their types etc. keep running here at some third party places.  Like the
process that I am going to tell you here today,
brother, your
type base here is going to be something like this.  One of his
friends, you will have to do a program here.
What all will you have to do inside the program
and brother, how will you apply
, how will you be selected, where will
you get the job seeding, I am going to
give you complete information here.
Before that, friends, let me give you an update.
Friends, the update is that if
you have not yet joined our WhatsApp group, that is,
you have
not become a part of our community here, then
friends, you will easily get the link in your disk box.
Go and
click on the link friends.  Join it.   It is
free of cost.  Brother, if you
face any problem, you are
not able to get a job in any bank or private bank
or you are
not able to crack the interview etc. or you are
not able to crack any assessment etc. then
friends, you can feel free to connect with us.
You get the link in the disc box.  Friends, we have data of every bank like HDFC Bank, Axis Bank,
IDFC Bank, Kotak Bank, ICICI Bank.
Friends, here we work to provide jobs in every bank.
If brother, you have not joined yet, then
brother, go quickly and join.
Friends, you are going to get a lot of benefits here.
Rest friends, let us move ahead on today's topic.
Today's topic is going to be about
SBI Bank.
Friends, I will directly
put its poster here and brother, first of all
I will tell you its location.
Because brother, many people here will have
doubts in their mind as to what the location is going to be.
Ok?  And
brother, the location that is going to be here is going to be there only
for two locations.  Brother,
listen carefully here.  The
location that is going to be there is going to be there for two locations.  He
is a resident of Karnataka.   All the
locations within Karnataka are going to be all Karnataka.
All Tamil Nadu is going to stay.  That means the
post that is going to be here is going to be
for the people of South.  Tamil Nadu and
brother Karnataka, the entire Karnataka, the entire
Tamil Nadu.  Ok?  If brother, you
are from Karnataka or here in Tamil Nadu and brother, you
want to do a job and want to be a part of SBI Bank,
then friends, this profile can be
best for you.
Friends, there is an insurance
sector inside SBI Bank, which they have
created as a separate sector here.  Like SBI
Bank.  Actually, here
you have to do the job by sitting inside SBI Bank
and friends, whatever work it is,
you have to sell it here inside the branch.
Whatever friends have,
their ID cards etc. are made.  Whatever your
offer letter comes,
your offer letter also comes here in the name of SBI Bank General Insurance.
Your ID card also comes here.
Its logo of SBI Bank is displayed.  Okay, right
?  Friends, this is going to be a program.
I will tell you the details of the program right now.
The Insurance Specialist Join Our
Team Achiever Program.  Ok?  The
name of this program is going to be Achiever
Program.  Build your
career with SBI General Insurance.
Friends, if you do
not know about General Insurance then let me tell you.  You have got
your vehicle loan, you have got your home loan, you have got
your vehicle insurance, you have got your home
insurance, you have got your health insurance.  All of these
come under general insurance.  So
friends, your work is going to be on all these here.  Let
us talk about education.
So brother, you should complete your graduation here.
Your graduation can be
from any stream.
He has not kept any percentage in this.  Let
us talk about the vacancy.  So
brother, more than 50 to 60
vacancies
are available here at present in this
program, friends.  If you are interested brother,
go quickly and apply for it.
Where will I apply from?  I'm just going to
tell you right here.  Let us talk about the salary package.
Your salary package is going to be ₹3.5 lakh.
Friends, let us talk about
its location.  I have
already told you the location.  Now let us
talk about how you have to apply in this.
Friends, for the first time you will get a link
in the description box below.  Go and join the group.  Please
share your resume with me
because brother, we will not be able to share its link here.
Look, anything can happen,
if you have a referral and you are
posting it randomly on social media, then
brother, you get classified as spam.
So brother, we cannot give such links to
everyone.  If you are really
interested, write yes or I am interested in the comment box
or you will get the WhatsApp number here.
Share your resume on it.
Friends, by doing SBI General, all the
details will be shared with you and the complete details of applying for its link will be
shared with you.
Process of applying: Friends, first of all
you have to apply your form here.
Then you have an interview.
After that, brother, there is no assessment of you here.  The
offer letter is provided directly to you here.
Then you have one month
training here which is done inside Manipal Academy.
Friends, you have to go to Manipal Academy for 1 month training,
which is offline, your campus is going to be here.
After that brother, you
get a job here directly after 1 month.
Ok?  The program is going to be of 1 month.
Friends, let us talk about the
program fees.  So brother, its
GST fee here is going to be Rs 1 lakh plus.
You will
also get the link in the description box as to how
you have to apply and
what other requirements will you have here.
You will get complete information here.
Rest of the friends, graduation should be yours.
I told you that your location is
Karnataka and brother here she is a resident of Tamil Nadu
and brother, what will happen here now is that
many people will be worried that she has
not come to our location, so brother, you do
not have to worry, we have
HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, ICIC Bank
available for every location right now, friends.
If you are from any location,
whether you are from Uttarakhand, Himachal,
Patna or any other state, then
brother, we have a lot of opportunities for you.
If brother, you really
want to go into the banking sector, then
friends, what do you have to do?  You will
find the link below and brother,
in the comment box you have to mention I am interested
and the name of your state here.
Friends, your
WhatsApp number will also automatically reach you here.
And friends, whatever
details you want to get, that details will also
reach you easily.  Ok?
Friends, I have just told you about this program
here.
Friends, the name of the Achiever Program is going to be.  You will be working
in the general insurance sector of SBI.
Friends, you can become a part of the government bank.
Brother, you can become a part of SBI Bank if you want.  Rest of the friends,
I have told you more details about this program
here.  I hope you liked this
information in today's video.  If you liked the
video, please give it a
like.  Friends, if you have
not yet subscribed to this channel, then
brother, go quickly and subscribe to this channel.
See you next.